This document outlines the fundamentals of a project I will be working on.  Once
the project is released, I will be posting my code and the developer platform name
here so there's no reason to reinvent the wheel! kthanks.

The Story:
  Players will assume the role the lone survivor of a major earthquake in NY City.
  The game will consist of a series of "days" where the players will be forced to
  select reactions to a variety of scenarios both good and bad.  These scenarios
  will add to - or take away from - their resources (water, food, and sanity).

The Goal:
  The  character learns of the continental impact of the earthquake.  Eventually,
  the player will learn of two camps of survivors and will have to decide between
  Denver, Colorado and Portland, Maine.  If the hero of our story would run out of
  water, food, or would go insane, the player would lose the game.

The Resources:
  Food and Water:
    Food - 100%
    Water - 100%
    Both of these resources will deplete at the same rate.  The resource meters will
    last a total of 14 in-game days.  These meters will be partially restored by
    eating or drinking things that the player collects on their way to safety.
  Sanity:
    Sanity - 100%
    A player's sanity will decrease or increase based on the decisions they make during
    the game.  Events that detract from a player's Sanity will usually benefit their
    other resources.  Events that benefit a player's Sanity will usually detract from
    their other resources.  Sanity will begin to decrement after the player reaches one
    of two points: they nearly die of starvation or dehydration, or they witness something
    that breaks their will.  When a player's Sanity gets below 25%, bad things happen.

The Events:
  TO SAVE OR NOT TO SAVES:
    The player comes across a mugging.  Neither side have seen the player, yet.  The
    player can tell the mugger has a large stash of supplies in his truck.  If the
    player could support the mugger, they may be able to barter for some supplies.  If
    the player chooses to save the victims life, the mugger has already taken the
    victim's supplies, so he may ask for some from the player.

The Consumables:
  Item 1
  Item 2
  Item 3
  Item 4
  
The Days:
  0.
    Eligible Events:
  1.
    Eligible Events:
  2.
    Eligible Events:
  3.
    Eligible Events:
  4.
    Eligible Events:
  5.
    Eligible Events:
  6.
    Eligible Events:
  7.
    Eligible Events:
  8.
    Eligible Events:
  9.
    Eligible Events:
