Select the mission of CYBERCOM: | Plans, coordinates, integrates, synchronizes, and conducts activities to direct the operations and defense of specified Department of Defense information networks. | Responsible for the integration of Information Operations (IO) into military plans and operations across the spectrum of conflict. | Continuously coordinates, plans, integrates, commands, and controls space operations to provide tailored, responsive, local, and global effects and on order, denies the enemy the same. | It serves as the epicenter for planning, execution and assessment of the U.S. military's global intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance operations.
The Law of War is also known as the Law of Armed Conflict. | True | False
Select the mission of USSTRATCOM: | To deter attacks on U.S. vital interests, to ensure U.S. freedom of action in space and cyberspace, to deliver integrated kinetic and non-kinetic effects to include nuclear and information operations is support of U.S. Joint Force Commander operations. | Responsible for the integration of Information Operations into military plans and operations across the spectrum of conflict. | It serves as the epicenter for planning, execution and assessment of the U.S. military's global intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance operations. | None of these.
Select the mission of JIOWC: | Responsible for the integration of Information Operations (IO) into military plans and operations across the spectrum of conflict. | None of these. | Continuously coordinates, plans, integrates, commands, and controls space operations to provided tailored, responsive, local, and global effects and on order, denies the enemy the same. | It serves as the epicenter for planning, execution , and assessment of the U.S. military's global intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance operations.
The Rules of Engagement (ROE) are the means by which the President, SECDEF, and operational commanders regulate the use of armed force in the context of applicable political and military policy | True | False
